High I want to talk quickly about the fact now that in Python 3 6 The older in which you pass keyword
arguments that variable number of keyword arguments to a function is actually preserved.
And this is kind of incidental it has nothing to do with the ordering now dictionaries and 3.6.
This is actually a separate path.
So Peppe 468 which was accepted into 3.6.
So again just make sure you're running 3.6 as your Python version.
And let's see what I mean by its being preserved.
And let's go ahead and write a function let's call it func and let's say that we're just going to take
some keyword arguments.
So let's call it KW.
Obviously you can call it whatever you want an on going to say is just for item in KW.
Items
print either.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So now let's call the function and let's say that we're going to have are the equals one hundred eighty
equals 200 y equals hello and p equals Python.
OK so we're going to call a function and you'll notice that we're calling with arguments that are in
a specific order right became false then a then Y and so forth.
And when we print it out you'll notice that that order is maintained prior to 3.6 that actually wasn't
guaranteed.
So you may think so what.
Well actually we can now leverage this with the name topples if you think back to what we did with named
topples when we wanted to set default values.
And here what I want to show you is that we can simplify this we can write our own name toppled generators.
It was still going to use name topple But we're going to use our own kind of generator function where
we'll be able to pass in the Keys and the default values as keyword arguments.
So let's go ahead and from collection's we're getting importante named topple.
And now let's go ahead and define our own function let's call it defaulted named Toppo.
And we're going to pass it.
The class name.
Right.
That's what we need.
And then for the fields we're going to take this as basically a variable number of keyword only arguments.
And the fact is now when we call this function we know that we'll be able to retrieve the fields in
the same order in which it was defined or in which it was passed in.
So let's go ahead and create our name table.
So struct Bacall's named Toppo struct.
And what do we want.
Well we want the fields that we passed in and what we want we want the keys.
And we know the keys are going to come back ordered in the same order as which they were passed in when
we call named topple when we called default to the name table.
To be specific.
What else do we want to do.
Well now we want to set the defaults.
Well we're going to get the defaults from the keyword only arguments that were passed into fields.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So struct Dundon you're done the defaults sequel's.
Now what do we want.
We want the field values right.
We want to sign those and we don't have to worry about the Oldring because we know that the older of
values is going to be the same as the order of keys.
The only thing is values of values is not to topple the defaults the Dondre default requires a top also.
Let's just convert to topple and then we'll return the struct.
And that's it.
That's how we can create our own factory for name topples with defaults.
So how would we use it now.
Well pretty simple.
Let's go back to that old standby vector to D.
So now I'm not going to call names.
Tough call.
I'm going to call my function K and we'll pass in the class name.
Let's call it vector D and I'll go to a different line because we're going to run out of space.
So 1 is going to be defaulted to none x 2 should be defaulted to none are not not x 2 sorry y 1 and
then x 2 should be defaulted to none.
Y2 should be defaulted to none.
And then I want my origin next to be defaulted to 0 and my origin why it defaulted to 0 K so what am
I going to get.
I'm going to get that structure that name topple back from default and name topple.
So I'm just going to assign that to revise that to 2D.
Of course she called it defaulted name topple.
OK so now we have this.
And if we look at Vector to d at the underscore Field's property you'll notice that we have x y y y
and x to y to Origin X origin Y in the order in which we basically provided the keyword on the arguments
for the more I can create a vector to D.
Let's say it starts of 0 0.
Well it's I started 10 10 ends up 20 20 and I'm not going to specify the origins.
Well that works just as we have because well we have the default just as we had before and now follow
that the one the contents of the one.
You'll notice that origin X defaulted to 0 in origin y defaulted to 0.
All right.
So pretty cool stuff.
Thanks for watching.